# Creating Comics with LLMs
By Ruhao Yang, Ben Mc Dowell and Zeina Khattab.

The goal of the project is to be able to automatically generate comic strips with minimal human input. The only user input should be prompting for a topic. After that the story, characters and visuals will all be generated by calls to the OpenAI api.


## Sprint 1

The Comix-with-LLM is a Java application that provides an interface to interact with the OpenAI API.
This application supports 2 functionalities: Chat Completion and Text Embedding Retrieval.
It allows users to specify their API credentials and input data for performing these tasks.

This consists of : API.java which contains methods for interacting with OpenAI API.
Main.java which has the main method to execute the application, asking user for input and invoking API methods.
pom.xml which is the Maven configuration file that specifies dependencies and build settings.

To run the application, compile the project using Maven (mvn package).
After that, go to the target directory and execute the JAR file using the following command:
java -jar Comix-with-LLM-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY    (Replace YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY with the actual API key)
Follow the prompts and input the correct information and the application will perform the tasks.

## Sprint 3
For Sprint 3 we added to the lines generator from the previous sprint to create the rhyming lines.
Then we added a narrator class to generate the captions for the comic. It generates the lines based off the topic a randomly chosen character
and a pair of pro+anti lines. For the XML we have a comic serializer class that takes a comic and pulls all the data from it to create a string 
with the relevent information then writes it to a file.

Make sure to add your API key to the config file.

## Sprint 4

In this sprint we added the panel and character class to hold the data of each component and to give easier access.
Creating and retrieving the embedding data is handled by the EmbeddingData class. The prompt used for the embedding is a concatination of the 3 different pose descriptions + the name of the pose.
If the embedding is unavailable it will look for the plain csv file and get the embedding from there. 
Both these files are specified in the configuration file. Choosing which embedding to use to handled by the EmbeddingSelector class. You pass the prompt and the embedding data of thing you want, and it returns the name of the answer.
 Finally, we added some more tests for the new classes.

## Sprint 5
Equates "Lighting a memorial candle" to "terrorizing" so slight issues
### To run "java -jar Comix-with-LLM-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar"